remove content (#3)
DevExpress-Examples/obsolete-blazor-editors-multiple-selection-editor: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T820528)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# Blazor Editors - How to implement the multiple selection editor

⛔ DEPRECATED. This example was deprecated. 

> Starting with version 19.2.3, we implemented the [TagBox](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.DxTagBox-2) editor that allows users to select multiple items (tags) from a predefined drop-down list. Please check the [TagBox demo](https://demos.devexpress.com/Blazor/TagBox).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In v19.2.3 and higher, we implemented the [TagBox](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.DxTagBox-2) editor that allows users to select multiple items (tags) from a predefined drop-down list. Please check the [TagBox demo](https://demos.devexpress.com/Blazor/TagBox) for details.
```
